Users should be able to create loan items with the required fields "username", "platform", "name", "installments", "repay date", "amount", "repay amount", "link to req post" so that proper records are kept
Users should be able to edit loan items so that any changes in the actual loan are reflected in the interface records
Users should be able to create and edit loan items with the optional fields "notes", "verification items", "partial payments", "warnings"
Users should be able to click on loan items so that more details can be hidden or shown
Users should see loan items color coded so that they know the status of a loan at a glance; Blue: ongoing, Beige: partially paid, Green: paid, Light Red: possible default, Red: Default, Purple: ongoing chargeback, Pink: successful chargeback
Loans that exceed the repay date should be automatically changed to a "possible default" status 
Users should be able to filter loan items by status and repay date so they can avoid seeing irrelevant loans
Users should be able to see how much money is available to lend out so they don't overestimate
Users should be able to see details such as totals for interest collected and defaulted
Users should be able to mark a loan item as partially paid so proper records are kept
Users should be able to mark a loan item as paid only if the appropriate paid command is scraped so that loans are properly marked as paid with the loanbot
Users should be able to mark a loan item as unpaid only if the appropriate unpaid command is scraped so that loans are properly marked as unpaid with the loanbot
Users should be able to log distributions, equity investments, and transfers so that accurate records are kept
Users should see autofill suggestions when entering a username so that it's easier to enter a new item with a repeat borrower
Users should be able to see a changelog for each loan item so they can keep track of how a loan has progressed
Users should be able to generate an excel sheet where each loan is a line item and each field a column


Firebase database structure:
Admin (collection)
    Admin (document)
        Accounts (collection)
            Account (document)
                name (field)
                active sum (field)
                historic sum (field)
        Filters (collection)
            Filter (document)
                filter name (field)
                status (field)
                borrowerUsername (field)
                lenderAccount (field)
                borrowerName (field)
                originationDates (field)
                repayDates (field)
                preset (field)

Users (collection)
    User (document)
        available liquid (field)
        total money lent (field)
        total money repaid (field)
        total interest (field)
        total money defaulted (field)
        funds out in loan (field)
        pending refunds (field)
        projected liquid (field)
        operational profit (field)
        operational roi (field)
        ... to be continued

        Accounts (collection)
            name (field)
            active sum (field)
            historic sum (field)
        Loans (collection)
            Loan (document)
                status (field)
                lender account (field)
                financial platform (field)
                borrower username (field)
                borrower name (field)
                amount (field)
                repay amount (field)
                roi (field)
                amount repaid (field)
                origination date (field)
                repay date (field)
                duration (field)
                request link (field)

                notes (field)
                verification items (field)
                reminders (field)
                changelog (field)
        Filters (collection)
            Filter (document)
                filter name (field)
                status (field)
                borrowerUsername (field)
                lenderAccount (field)
                borrowerName (field)
                originationDates (field)
                repayDates (field)
                preset (field)

8/23/2023: halfway through development
what's missing:
    - all business logic calculations
done        a. ROI
done        b. Duration
done        c. Payment Protection fee calculation
done        d. default rate
done        e. funds out in loan
done        f. Historic, Projected, and Operational data
done        g. Interest
done        h. Average loan principal
done        i. Average interest
        j. Yearly, quarterly, and monthly business report

    - all business logic sums
done        a. Total Historic, Projected, and Operational Profit
done        b. Total Expenses
done        c. Total $ Defaulted
done        d. Pending chargebacks
done        e. total loans
done        f. Total ongoing loans
done        g. Total Completed loans
done        h. Total $ lent
done        i. Total $ repaid
done        j. Total interest
        k. Gross

    - filter feature
done    a. ability to sort loans by data fields such as "repay date descending"
done    b. preset filters such as "loans due today", "loans due this week", "overdue, ongoing, and extended"
        c. save user-made filters

    - High-level changelog to complement low-level changelog
    - Reminder system
done    - Business Numbers display
    - Miscellaneous Credit & Debit (Expenses) logging such as "Azure fee"
    - Color key
    - Distribution tab
 done   - Excel export
done    - file upload for verification items
    - change origination and repay date pickers to a range of dates
    - quick visual indication of first time borrower

Usability study 1
Video recording available on screencastify
Subject: Niku
    Task #1: Create two loan items. Add a verification item to each loan.
    - 2/5 rating
    - 60+ seconds time on task
    - unintuitive location to start task

    Task #2: Mark a loan as paid
    - 3/5 rating
    - took 15 seconds
    - 4 click unrelated to the task

    Task #3: Filter loans by the 'ongoing' status
    - 5/5
    - took 5 seconds
    - dropdowns guided the user

    Task #4: Change the repay date of the ongoing loan to a later date
    - 4/5
    - took 10 seconds
    - 1 click unrelated to task

    Task #5: Mark a partial payment contribution for the extended loan
    - 4/5
    - took 5 seconds
    - should've asked user to show me how he knows the partial payment he logged was registered

    Task #6: Mark the same loan as defaulted
    - 5/5

    Task #7: Remove the verification items for the defaulted loan
    - 0/5
    - Bug prevented user from attempting the task

Post-study feedback:
    "The only time I was genuinely confused was at the very start when the homepage was blank."
    "Creating a loan shouldn't be an option under the gear icon. I associate that icon with settings."